Everybody got brought into this edge to be a failure.
Everybody has what it would take that person to become a multimillionaire.
So today, it's the first time to receive the enlightening to prosper, receiving the enlightening to
There are two kinds of prosperity.
There are two ways people can prosper.
We're going to look at them one by one.
So number one where the prosper, source of prosperity, is satanic way, which does not last.
You see, if you live in the air, part of it is the right choice.
We live in Harry Potter's.
That is means
If you are a righteous man, if you are no more, your children will continue to enjoy the money.
But if you are a wicked man, once you are no longer there, the people will just, your money will scatter.
Your children will not have it.
That is why he says, when oxymorcotic man, when they die, their money is scattered.
Number two sauce.
of prosperity.
Proverbs chapter 10.
Proverbs chapter 10 verse 22.
22.
The blessing of the Lord, it may get rich and he added no sorrow with it.
When God bless you, there is no sorrow attached to God's blessing.
When Satan bless you, he carries sorrow and attached.
So people you see,
Some ochotic man, you see driving jib.
They are living in sorrow and pain.
Forget about what you see.
You see the jib.
I did not enjoy it.
If he tells you what is going through, you will prefer to sleep on the bridge that talk about what is going through.
But because they have already sold their soul to the devil, they have no peace.
Shabbat alayhi.
Only the blessing of God make a bridge.
And at times, no sorrow.
Sit down.
You get one in two secret courts.
Number one, peace, no peace.
One might testify there.
He said, they went to join the secret courts.
And they get good condition.
Number one, no sleeping.
You have the money, but mostly them, you know.
How can somebody not sleep?
If you like take a volume eight, you will sleep.
Then the other condition is, as I said, the son, if he marries the son and the wife would have it.
Hello.
The second condition is, if he marries the wife and the son, I mean, any child you have,
And then first type, and the wife, we died.
That was the condition.
So, it went and married.
It took that condition.
They didn't want the one for sleep.
So it took the condition for marriage, so that when the wife and the child dies, you got Marana Bessie.
So when he, he meant, you know, God has a way of working.
He went and married a member of this church.
The forces, because when two power jump, they less power over.
Now, they take control.
The head, the sister had nothing to enter.
The baby had nothing to enter.
He classified here.
I don't know what this sister is here.
Where is she?
Look at her in the baby.
We left for the judges, everybody.
They take good no work, because the power went in here, passed every other power.
They make a commitment, they are afraid of me, because they have nothing to do, they have not tried, they say, well, how, why will God give this mobile all this power?
They are afraid.
So, when they call their families, they say the power.
It didn't come back fire.
The young man wanted to die.
That was how the young man ran to this place.
And gave his life to Christ.
Then confessed all the society, the confidence made in certain, the confessivity I be, without the video, he confessed it to you.
The confidence he made.
That's why I said, belong to a strong church.
Imagine if this sister does not belong to a strong church, you know.
If you don't go out with that, baby, don't let me go see the man tomorrow and go marry one of that guy, bam, carry big jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig, jig
The legacy of the university is the power of pushing to kill the father.
For somebody, your father will warn you, train you for university.
And the father happens to be a senior advocate of Nigeria.
And they are not just
This is not happened as I, this is happened as I judge.
You see that boy has been, you know, don't jump away but he cannot, okay, look at the boy that testified about a few weeks ago, yeah.
That force, that self force, we enter that boy for Legos, come enter that man, go kill it for that.
He was planning to kill it for that.
Suddenly a friend invited into the European, when he reached here, that evil spirit
Run out!
He kept me at unconfessed and gave his life to Christ.
I be... Tell me, if that boy is not...
He was not brought to a strong church, we have power.
They paralyzed.
That boy could have killed the father.
And they were arrested and shot for television.
And missed the ban.
Let me tell you.
There are tins, constantly can't solve.
There are cases, constantly can't solve.
There are cases where power needs to jump power.
Come, let me show you this.
This young man now, if this man is possessed with an evil spirit, you come to cancel him.
You know, you bring a Bible showing him
This thing you are doing is no good, you be listening.
But the evil spirit where they said, gross cuda.
You're gonna listen, you're gonna do like this.
After you've finished the counseling, once you leave him, you'll go do what you want to, throw off us.
But when this man, the evil spirit, you jump power, we pass the power.
No counseling, you evil spirit, you're only committed to the body.
Out, go jump out, because you don't see power, we pass it on.
For a Lord God is a son and she.
Lord, we give grace and glory.
Uh-huh.
No good thing will be which hold from the end of the walk of Christ.
No good thing!
We live with God, as we return of God.
God, we know He taught any good thing from you.
It is your right to prosper.
He said, no good thing.
Marriage is a good thing.
He doesn't fall into a fall into a good thing.
And he, that fell into a fall into a good thing.
And he, that fell into a wife.
Find that what?
A good tin.
So wife, it's a good tin.
We're all good tin with God we told.
Money is a good tin.
Fruit of the women is a good tin.
Good health is a good tin.
Sounds one, one, three.
Preface.
Seven.
Resolve the paw out of the dust.
Out of the dust.
Resolve paw.
and lifted it needy out of the tongue here.
God is an expert in telling people from nothing to something.
It's an expert to pick people from the ground and take them to the open.
It's an expert.
Shout out to the lawyer.
God is an expert in telling them poverty.
to prosperity.
God is a nice part in turning the rejected stone to Jesus' cornerstone.
God is a nice part in turning tears of sorrow to tears of joy.
Today, God shall change your story.
As a God shall change your story.
As a God shall change your story in the name of Jesus Christ.
Now, let's look at some special gifts you need for that.
For you to prosper, special gifts you need to ask God for.
You need to pray for God to give you for you to prosper.
Number one gift.
to create good initiative.
Gift to create good initiative.
Now, ask yourself this question.
Do you look for things that needs to be done?
Or do you wait for others to discover it?
You look for things that needs to be done.
Second question you need to answer is this.
Do you hate trying new things?
Or do you prefer to do things you already know?
You don't want to try new things, no.
I don't think this thing can work.
Let me just continue to do what I did to my kids.
I don't want to try new things.
Let me just do what I did to my kids.
Make sure I do what I had.
That's what I ain't good for.
I don't want to try new things.
The gift you need to ask God for.
The gift of vision.
What is vision?
Setting is stand out for yourself.
Defining goals you want to like, you want to attend.
Something you want to attend.
Something you are visualizing to attend.
Now, the question is, do you set daily standards, weekly standards, monthly standards, and yearly standards?
You set them set divisions.
Your yearly goals
Your weekly goals, what do I need to achieve this week?
You said they're cool, you said they stand up, you beat the bread, I flew out towards it.
Many people did your stairs here, they walked up to the house.
They all, they want them out of there.
What if when they have one million?
You can start with faith.
Shout out to Eloya.
Some special gifts you need to pray.
and ask God to give you a little personal number.
One, three, gift of persuasion.
Gift of persuasion.
What is persuasion of persuasion is the ability to influence and persuade other people.
Persuasion is the ability to use your best now contacts to accomplish some objectives.
Use your best now contacts, try to
something done to measure the thing is done that way now the question is this do you love ways of getting orders to support your recommendation do you spend much time thinking how to influence other people sometimes I go extra man yes this person is free I give this person prayer this person
It's praying.
But if, come, let me explain this in a comp.
I've given this person a silence on job.
It's praying.
But I know that this person's results is my old results.
It's now I meet this person comp.
I know this person, this person has a company where they are employing
I have given this message prayers.
I will try to use my contact to say, now this person is praying.
Fit without work is dead.
I will try to make sure that this how cold is message combo, see how you can help this message to get this job.
When I is contact, when I is job, by then his prayer is also walking.
Shout out to the lawyer.
No, you are praying for contracts.
You say, God, God, I rest somebody to do this.
But you are not making moves.
You need to make moves for the actual lives, the assignments you are doing.
You don't do that.
It doesn't make you fool your hands.
I select mother for from heaven.
Where?
Those years, God sent mother from heaven.
Wait.
You should send another one.
You need to make moves, they'll never make moves.
Number four, some gifts you need to ask God for that can help you to prosper.
Number four, gifts to catch that information.
Now let's go to Luke chapter 14.
Luke 14, 28 to 30.
I read.
For which of you intended to abuse a tower?
Sit down, not down fast.
Sit down, not down fast, sit down fast.
And contact the costs.
When I... Count the costs.
When I hear you have sufficient to finish it.
When I hear you have sufficient to finish it stop there.
Is there any point I want to abuse the house?
When I sit down to count the costs.
Whether I am able to finish this project.
And if I am, I can be able to finish this project.
Shout out to Elia.
No.
Number one question you need, what is?
The mom question you need to answer is this.
Do you gather enough information before starting a new team?
You gather information from different places.
That thing you want to do, that business you want to do, do you go about the guy's version from people?
Or that thing you want to do?
Or you just jump into something you don't know about?
Big question.
Do you get that?
Do you seek advice of people who know a lot about what you want to do?
Do you seek advice from people who know who I've been there?
Whoa, I've been wounded in the wall front.
Whoa, I've been wounded in
Questions you must, I mean, gifts you need to pray.
I've got to give to you.
Gift number what?
Five, gift to plan for plan B.
Gift to plan for plan B.
What is plan B?
Plan B is the ability to evaluate alternative ways or do anything, alternative ways.
So, the question is this, do you try to plan solution to problems that may arise?
That may not be original, that may arise.
In case I'm doing this thing, in case there's a problem, what do I do next?
You must have a plan B, anything you are doing.
Any business you are doing, you must plan for plan B.
What if in case this does not work?
Look at this one.
What if this one does not work?
Okay, I will fall back to this.
Always have a plan B.
In any theory, always have a plan B.
So that's, you know,
Put all your hope and suddenly your hope is dashed.
Bam!
You have had attack.
Go for it.
Shout out to the lawyer.
Gift you need to uncut for.
Philippians number 6.
Philippians chapter 4.
Philippians 4 verse 13.
I can do all things through Christ, I can do all things through Christ which strengthened me.
The gift of confidence in God.
This is to have a strong belief and confidence that no matter what, God will disappoint you.
You need to have faith, absolutely.
What I mean?
Absolute fate in God.
Many people, I remember some time ago, that was a long, long time ago, I entered the taxi.
I started a coalition in France.
When I was in the front, I saw the taxi man, I saw the sticker on my church.
I was like, ah, not opiate, better opiate, I'm not started.
I saw the sticker, I said, ah, this man, the Christian, yeah, I was up.
Suddenly, my eye just went to where the standing there.
I saw one small two-way group pool with a dango.
You look good.
I look at it, man.
Excuse me, sir.
Is it this one or this one?
Is it going to be your business?
So it had to be true.
It had to stick up.
That is useless.
because you cannot have the truth.
And I'm using this video to talk to some politicians.
They are watching me now on the television.
You cannot serve two masters.
At night, you go to that native doctor.
On Sunday, you go to church.
You are this for yourself.
You are heaping course upon your head.
You are in a secret court.
You go to touch.
Be donating money.
Sit in front.
You are going to have a help.
You can not serve two masters.
You have to put your total confidence in God.
Put your hope in God.
Lift us, Gigi.
There is no power in Satan.
Satan is granted power.
Power.
Shout to the leader.
The gift you need to outgoth to give you for yourself.
Ecclesiastes 6, chapter 11.
Vass.
Four.
He, that observant wind, shall not sow.
He, that observant wind shall not sow, shall bring one for another to plant, bring the fall, and all go touch.
So, ask off
for the gift, for dangerous fit.
Number eight, ask for the gift of dangerous fits.
It is, what is dangerous fit?
Dangerous fit is to engage in a situation that has high risk.
Something that has high risk, you go into it.
Now the question, let me tell you this.
Do you do this?
That all of us consider risky.
All of us are listening to risky.
But you go into it.
In fact, it is risky not to take risk.
Hello, it is risky not to take risk.
I don't want to take risk.
I don't want to go into it.
Maybe God is calling you.
to hold a political, to run for elections.
No, it's too risky.
I will lose money.
You will lose money.
But you need to take my risk.
Preaffly.
If you say you don't want to take risk, you say you don't want to take risk.
Okay, stay half.
Because entering water is risky.
Because that's not going to happen.
Go into a budget.
It's risky.
Because nothing is holding the plane.
Shout out to Elia.
So, for you to excel and to prosper, you must take risk.
There's no one like you.
Jesus.
You love me.
I have not given your life to Christ.
You have missed sin a lot.
Kneel that way, my back.
What I should learn after Christ is easy.
But simple, just need not let me privilege you.
And repeat this after me.
Father, Lord, I am a sinus.
I have sinned against you.
And I have done that I want this against you.
Forgive me, my sins.
Then do my life for the book of death.
I am a translator for the book of life.
But I promise you, starting from today, I will never go back to my good ways again.
in Jesus' name.
It's not just let me pray with you.
Father, in the mighty name of Jesus, for they say your take my people that are common, my name, sha'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a'a
but you are much of the commoner.
I speak unto every affliction, every badness, every sickness.
I cost right now to die in the name of Jesus.
Let this body, for this body is the whole of God in the name of Jesus.
Do frustration, disappointment, poverty right now.
I command you in the name of Jesus to vacate this life now, to relieve the destiny now in the name of Jesus.
Relations, so many disciplines to have to live your life.
But also, I'm also inviting you to come and see me.
It's very easy.
You don't need to pay money to see me.
You don't need to have no logistics.
Just come to the church.
You see the address on the screen or you call me on my phone.
I give an appointment.
You come and you meet me.
I'll give you an assignment.
Once I give you an assignment, you take very well.
Your story was changed in that name of Jesus.
God loves you.
Amen.
You don't take God a year to change your life.
It has got a second to change your life.
I don't care how people are looking at you now.
I don't care to shame you, I'll be facing you.
If I be a man of God, your situation must change.
Your situation must change.
In the name of Jesus!
Restoration, healing, deliverance, testimonies with Dr. Jesus in action.
You are watching Hour of Testimonies with Apostle Chibuzo Chihiri, General Overseer, OPM Worldwide.
When you climb